Group activities
you participate in
with the upperclassmen.
I get it!
They're clubs, right?!
-A club?
-The chubs?
[IRUMA] I want to push myself
and try new things!
Yeah! Let's find the Battlers!
I'd love to!
-[alarm blaring]
-Huh?
-They've arrived.
-They're coming!
Hmm?!
What in the--
You see, the senior Battlers
are on their way here
to engage in the Rookie Hunt!
[NARRATOR] However,
as for the upperclassmen
who were waiting outside
the first-years' tower
to recruit them...
[DALI]
The Hunt Treaty.
While recruiting new
first-year Battlers,
please also be mindful
of your fellow Battlers.
You're crowding me!
[BOY]
Oops, I'm sorry!
[DALI] Make sure you give
each other room,
be kind,
and be mindful of others.
Now, then...
...that's it for the niceties!
Go crush everyone
that gets in your way!
-Five, four, three...
-[door rattling]
[DALI]
...two, one.
Let the Rookie Hunt
officially commence!
-[door thuds]
-[shouting]
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age fourteen.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves
and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there's just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human,
or I'm gonna get eaten
for sure!
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
"The Rookie Hunt!"
[ALL yelling]
The first-years!
Go and find
some decent fresh meat!
Yeah, yeah!
[screaming]
Huh?
Where are the first-years at?!
Ahh! Hey, wai--
Really, how dare you?
That was awesome,
thanks, Az!
But of course.
Upperclassman or not,
no one's rude to you
in front of me!
Look over there.
No doubt about it.
That's Asmodeus!
Yeah! First in his class!
-Please join our Battler!
-[GROUP shouting]
[blows]
[yells]
He burned my flyer!
He put up a flame barrier!
-Who does he think he is?
-[BOY] So cool!
[grunts]
Let's move on.
[ALL shouting]
Bye-bye!
[ASMODEUS]
The Rookie Hunt is only allowed
for 66 minutes on the day
the ban on Battler trial periods
is lifted after lunch break.
Some upperclassmen tend
to be quite forceful
when it comes
to recruiting each year,
but this is sure to keep any
rabble away for the time being.
-[IRUMA] Yeah.
-Marshmallows, toot, toot!
Yay, fire!
Stop that, you!
-[IRUMA chuckles]
-Hmm.
Hey, man, we're with
the Flight Battler!
Yeah, come check us out!
I can't, guys,
I'm really weak. Sorry.
-Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
-If you lack muscles,
you just need to build some!
[BOTH] We are Combat Battlers,
and this dance
is how we say,
come join us!
Hey, come on, now.
-We had him first!
-That's too bad.
Please, let go of me, guys!
This hurts!
Unu, vara, mita, seku
ora, mumu, yah-tah!
Now, just sign up
for the trial.
-[screaming]
-Save me!
I'm gonna die!
Oh, come on! Join us!
What the actual hell?!
-This cannot be happening!
-Join us, join us, join us!
There's a lot going on.
This Rookie Hunt thing
is pretty intense.
Fear not. At times like this,
there is only one Battler
that takes command
of the students.
-[footsteps approaching]
-[BOTH gasp]
[ASMODEUS]
The student council.
[IRUMA]
Did he just say...
Wait. I just remembered,
their president
was looking for me before.
We're the student council!
Make way and stand down!
-Uh--
-Lady Redhair!
President Ameri!
Ah, crap!
Now we've gotta watch it.
She's got eyes
in the back of her head!
[IRUMA]
Wait. "President Ameri"?
Oh wow!
I hope she'll talk to me.
Yeah, in your dreams.
They're probably patrolling
as usual,
not recruiting.
You'll join our Battler, right?
Well, I, uh...
-[AMERI] Hey, you.
-Huh? [gasps]
Oh! S-s-s-sorry, ma'am!
[stammering]
Somebody help!
[gasps]
Thank you for that, ma'am!
I thought I was dead.
They calmed things
down instantly!
Our president is truly noble
and dignified.
You've become fairly close
with her,
haven't you, Master Iruma?
Heh?
[IRUMA]
That's the same Ameri?!
[giggling]
Again, thanks so much!
See ya!
[IRUMA]
What?!
Student council p-p-p-p-pres...
Huh? What?! For real?!
[QUICHE]
President?
Huh?
[ASMODEUS] President,
thanks for all you do.
[CARLA hisses]
[BOY] She walked directly
to Asmodeus!
Man, oh man!
[clears throat]
Uh, the student council
is a Battler as well.
We're currently seeking
new recruits! Interested?
You, um, you did
an excellent job
on your last promotion exam.
I have determined that
you have room to grow here.
But understand, it's not like
I want to meet more often
to do our readings!
That would be ridiculous!
-I'm honored.
-[CARLA hissing]
You, you may come
to observe at any time.
[IRUMA]
Huh? Uh, wha...
[AMERI]
I invited him!
[JOHNNY]
A moment, please, President.
[BOY 1]
She gave him a flyer.
[BOY 2] I guess she really was
after Asmodeus.
-Magnificent, Iruma, sir!
-[CARLA growling, snarling]
[IRUMA]
Man, that freaked me out!
I can't keep up
with any of this.
I'll message her later.
[shrieks]
[DALI]
The Rookie Hunt is now over!
Everyone, get back to class!
[BOY 1]
We missed our chance.
[BOY 2]
Devi got one!
[BOY 3]
Man, what a haul!
[KALEGO]
Silence.
The Battlers just concluded
their Rookie Hunt.
For those of you who were
sadly not invited
as well as those
who were invited
but did not deign
to join a Battler...
-Oh yeah.
-...for the next three days,
you'll participate
in a Battler trial period.
By the end,
you must join one.
Hear this.
Choosing your Battler
is a decision
vital to moving up
the ranks.
So don't take this lightly,
you imbeciles.
-[LEAD] Sure.
-No problem!
Consider it done,
Eggie-teach!
Don't call me that!
[IRUMA] This is such
an important decision.
I wonder which Battler
I should join.
Master Iruma, let's go observe
them together after this.
-What say you?
-Woo-hoo!
-Yeah. Let's all go!
-Mm.
[STUDENTS chattering]
Come join us!
You won't regret it!
Yes, you should be part
of our alliance!
Moco. Moco moco.
[STUDENTS chattering]
Hey Asmodeus--
Wow, it's like a festival!
Right, Iruma-kins?
-[IRUMA] Yeah, totally.
-Iruma-kins?!
Whoa, the flyers talked!
I just keep getting more,
and I can't say no.
[NARRATOR]
As we have often mentioned,
Iruma cannot refuse
any request.
Master, please allow me
to handle those for you.
[flames whooshing]
Oh, thank you!
You're so silly,
Iruma-kins.
You should only take
the ones you need.
And this, my lovelies, is the
Succubus Seduction Battler.
Mwah!
[CLARA]
Hey, Miss Raim!
-Can I?
-Of course!
Aah! You still haven't given up
on that stuff yet?!
Hey-hey! It's Iruma, the leader
of the gleesome threesome!
How's it going?
You guys come
to get flyers, too?
Yeah, but I already know
which Battler I'm joining.
Oh? You've already
decided on one?
-How admirable of you.
-[LEAD/JAZZ] Hmm?
Yeah, the Game Battler!
It's great for learning
new strategies.
You just want to play games.
I'm joining
the New Magic Battler.
I want to learn
some new spells
and alchemy techniques.
And you just want money!
I want to join
the Ladies' Studies Battler.
That doesn't even exist!
You fools need to take this
more seriously!
Weren't you listening
to Kalego?
This is vital to moving--
-What about you?
-Eh?
I mean, you already have
tons of magic,
so you could take your pick.
That's true,
since you're always
the center
of attention around here.
Oh, right.
These are Grandpa's powers.
But to everyone else,
they obviously look like mine.
I actually haven't made up
my mind yet.
-Ah!
-[LEAD/JAZZ] Huh?
[screaming]
Master Iruma!
[IRUMA]
My ring's moving on its own!
Is it gonna freak out again?!
I don't know which Battler
I should join. Eiko?
I'm gonna pick
the same exact one
Iruma chooses, of course,
but I wonder
which one it's gonna be?
[screaming]
Sorry, watch out, everybody!
Please move!
-[clattering]
-[screaming]
[BOTH groaning]
I...
-I am so sorry!
[groaning]
Uh, sorry, are you okay?
Is he dead?!
Oh no,
I've really done it now.
Wow, you gave me quite a scare.
I thought I was a goner.
You're alive!
[IRUMA]
But you were bleeding.
Ah, yeah.
It's this condition I have.
Not to worry though.
I cough up blood all--
[coughs]
[IRUMA]
That actually sounds like
a perfect reason to worry.
Hey, you're wearing
the Gluttonous Feeder Ring,
ain't ya?
That explains it.
The ring must have reacted
to my collar.
This is made of the same metal
the ring is forged from.
Huh, really?
What do you mean by...
[BOY]
Ugh, look at all this crud.
Get this out of here,
like now!
Wow, we did make a mess.
Sorry about that.
No, this is all my fault,
really! I'm so sorry!
Wait. Isn't that guy
an upperclassman?
Oh, i-is he really?!
He's just a lousy Bet!
Don't scare me like that!
-[grunts]
-Oh!
Loser.
[laughing]
Those guys didn't hurt you
too bad, did they?
You're their upperclassman!
Well, to be fair,
I'm only a Bet.
I don't have much magic, so...
But...
[BOY]
I made this so I could
store up magic inside of it.
So that maybe one day,
even demons who don't have
much natural magic
can still use it.
That's the kind of apparatus
I want to create.
I gotta be
on my way now.
Ow! What the hell?
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry...
-[IRUMA] Ohh!
-...sorry, sorry, sorry.
[IRUMA] He seems
awkwardly relatable.
He doesn't have magic,
just like me.
-Iruma, sir!
-Wow, Iruma-kins!
I can't believe
you flew this far!
You moved at such
incredible speed!
I'm so impressed!
[nervous chuckle]
Sorry about that.
[ASMODEUS] Now, let us move on
to the next one.
Yis, Yis. Welcome, welcome!
We of the Diabotany Battler grow
and study various magic plants
and their many properties
and uses.
We even make medicines
as well.
Aah!
[chuckles]
Aren't they so soothing?
Yeah, they really are!
[SUZIE]
And look at this beauty here.
[CLARA] [muffled voice]
Iruma-kins! Hey!
-Peek-a...
-Huh?
-...boo!
-Ugh.
Ah! It's feeding time!
I'd nearly forgotten.
-So high! Like a gondola!
-Clara!
-What are you doing? Come down!
-You're making fools of us all!
Gondola, gondola,
gondola, gondola!
[GIRL]
Please stop by and chat with us!
Our Library Battler has
a huge collection
of netherworld history books
and some
just-for-fun books, too!
Ahh!
Ah!
Whenever we find out
about any rare books,
we go right out
and snap them up
and sometimes translate 'em!
We all pursue whatever subject
or field suits our passion, see!
Wow! This place has such a nice,
calm atmosphe--
-[boom]
-Uhh!
This guy's been cursed
by one of the books
and become a complete moron!
You idiot!
How many times did I tell you
to stay at least two meters away
when opening new books?
It's just hopeless now!
[GIRL giggles]
-Huh?!
-Hmm?
Come by again, okay?
[IRUMA]
Uh... 'kay.
So we learned books are yummy.
I had no idea.
Let us hasten
to the next one.
[SABNOCK]
I am here!
Demon King Battler!
What could fit better for me,
the next Demon King?!
Alright! I now accept
all challengers!
I shall strike you all down!
What?!
You wanna join?
Uh, indeed!
We exhaustively read
all the documents
on the Demon King
and study them
to the fullest extent.
You have documents
on the Demon King?
Let's make
our usual predictions
for the next Demon King.
You never get sick
of that, huh?
[snorting laughter]
Uhh...
[SABNOCK]
What a stroke of luck!
So many books and papers
I've never seen before!
An excellent find!
[yelling]
[GIRL]
Join our family!
[ALL] [chanting]
Brew, brew, brew, brew, brew,
brew, brew, brew, brew...
Brew, brew, brew, brew!
You had better...
...make sure the brew stews,
stews, stews!
[GROUP]
A perfect 10!
Clara! Get out of there
or you're gonna end up
becoming the stew!
She's such a menace!
Oh, hi!
Welcome to the Succubus Battler.
Come play with us!
Ooh, here!
Yeah, yeah, right here!
For the hundredth time,
you're not cut out for this!
It's futile!
We're going to the next one.
Let me stay! Master!
[BOY]
How about it, guys?
Wouldn't you like to do
your research with me?
I'm looking for new recruits!
Join me!
Huh?
[ASMODEUS]
You're only a first-year!
[shrieks]
[IRUMA] Um,
can I ask about my ring?
Ohh, I guess
it is due for a tuning.
I forgot.
Sorry about that.
[IRUMA]
It's fine.
It just seems
to freak out sometimes.
[SULLIVAN]
There, all better.
Your three-level tuning
is complete.
Thanks so much, Grandpa!
Sometimes you gotta dive in.
Point your finger up like this
and repeat after me.
"Raffire."
Huh? But wait.
Libera!
[whooshing]
Uh, another dragon.
Don't worry! Now, go on.
Ra... Raffire!
A flame, wow!
That is the weakest setting,
in the devil mode.
One click after,
you'll find demon mode.
-[flames whooshing]
-[yelps]
[SULLIVAN] And then we move
to Ifrit mode.
-[roaring]
-[IRUMA screaming]
It can be dangerous, so try
to get by with devil mode.
-Yuh-huh.
-But if and when
you find yourself
in real trouble,
use this spell...
...Pandoroola.
-Pan--
-Don't do it!
It's only for emergencies!
This spell releases
all the magic simultaneously.
[IRUMA] [muffled]
Mm-hmm.
It's an extra special move
that'll use
most of the magic
stored up in the ring,
so use the utmost caution.
Oh. Okay.
[STUDENTS chattering]
Now, which side do you think
we should start from today?
I wanna go over there!
Magic Beast Forest Battler!
Full of adventures!
Huh? Huh?!
Fluffy Fluff Rules Battler?!
Why is "rules" in the name?
Huh?! The Rock-Paper
Scissors Battler!
So which of these looks
most appealing to you, sir?
Actually, the Execution
Cannonball Battler's captain
called me over.
There's something
that I've kinda been
dying to test out.
So glad
you could make it, Iruma!
I heard about your amazing plays
during your promotion exam!
Word around here is you threw
a mean fastball
that blew everyone away!
[flames whooshing]
-Come on over.
-You guys, too!
Let's throw the hell
out of these balls!
Yeah!
Now, go ahead and throw
that nice and hard.
I wanna see
if I'm able catch it.
Um, okay!
Who the heck is he?
Oh, that's Iruma.
The Chair-demon's grandkid.
He's got a lot
of magic, right?
Man, he might split
the floor.
Now show me
what you got!
-Go for it, master!
-[ALL cheering]
You can do it, Iruma-kins!
[IRUMA]
Devil mode.
Here goes! Libera!
[grunts]
Oh damn!
Wait a minute...
Is that it?
But he didn't split the floor.
Iruma, were you giving it
everything you had?
Uh, yeah.
I see.
I'll admit, it didn't have
quite the oomph
I was expecting...
...but it was decent
nonetheless.
Really?
Well, thank you very much!
If you're interested,
you should definitely join us!
We'll be just as popular
as Iruma, if he does join!
Totally!
Which one should we go see next?
Hey, don't you go
wandering off!
[IRUMA]
Magic and popularity
definitely go hand
in hand here.
A lot of Battlers
invited me to join,
but they might be disappointed,
or even mad,
if they learn that
this magic is borrowed.
I'm so thirsty!
I'm gonna go buy
some Danky Dank Coffee--
Would you stop making
Come-Come's life a nightmare?!
[CLARA] ...and some
super spicy oshiruko!
[phone beeping]
Oh, it's Ameri.
[AMERI] Where are you?
Aren't you stopping
by the student council?
[IRUMA] Thank you very much
for the invitation.
I'll stop by later.
[AMERI]
See that you do.
[IRUMA] So, Ameri,
I can't believe
you're student council
president!
I honestly had no idea.
-[BOY] [screaming] Oh no!
-Huh?
[explosion booms]
[grunting]
Huh? What the...
[clinking]
[screams, grunts]
[BOY coughs]
Well, that failed.
[coughing]
Oh, hey.
It's you again.
Su-Ki-Ma!
I have a feeling
Professor Kalego's holding
some kind of major grudge
against me!
Do you know why?
-Well, you see...
-Well, you see... Yis.
[DALI/SUZIE] It'd be better
if we don't tell him
about the familiar.
Well, he's pretty shy,
so you should try being
a bit more assertive.
He might just be
a little stressed
from a lack of sleep.
I have the perfect flower
for it. Yis, yis.
Oooh!
And... ta-da!
Wanna know what it's for?
Happy sleeping,
here's your new futon!
-[KALEGA seethes]
-Look at these relaxing flowers!
Make yourself comfortable!
[NARRATOR] After that,
Robin was detained and forced
to listen
to a three-hour lecture.
[SULLIVAN]
Iruma seems to be enjoying
school life
to the fullest!
I feel so very gratified!
Wait, not yet. I have
to keep watching over Iruma.
Next time, "The Magical
Apparatus Battler"
and "The Thirteen's Dinner."
The gathering
of the netherworld's
most distinguished heroes.
[SULLIVAN chuckles]
I need to tell them
just how precious
and adorable
my grandson is!